hello everyone I'm teaching a little
small little tutorial of how they are
in the camera of android 4.3 with all
the functionalities although with a
small asterisk and well we need it
download this apk that looks good for
that I have it here that I guess not
I'll have it called google camera r-ca
point pk is the one that I have
which is the same we go is that of 43
then first of all it works in
android 4.2.2 the answers not why
because although it is a different sin to the
gallery that comes to us by default in
it's as if he installed himself on
same application directory but
then he says no for 412
works and for 4 3 and 7 comes that is
I think also for 404 for 100
sandwiches if it works
so good
if you basically install it with a
application to the next evil next
following
that is the application of agreement I'm going to
try
if all the cables are not picked up
You see here and such
and it is well logically pointed out the
options because this is crap this
is the normal camera then hello hello
we have for example the camera back
well now I do not know what happens
strictly interesting it looks very good
and we have here various options for
example
exceptional sizes we have in both
in the normal camera as the camera
front so you do not see the ground
basically then also less
exhibition and we have for example also
for the gps, then we have also
a timer and tempera balance
white is worth as you see here
I have put in automatic and the
front camera options I think that
they are exactly the same but teach
just in case it is also worth here we are
the only good the flash and the others
we also have a scene worth
night party etcetera and we have also
the timer and the megapixels
depend on camera's camera we can do
either by clicking here or by keeping
pressed and for one side is very
interesting, and we also have a
Video camera option
what is a camera gave very very
normalita we can record with flash something
interesting for the front camera and
Rear video quality to choose
between these three things there are some here
to nitrification and white balance
then we have a good panorama for
do the panoramic thing these is
like you comes before 422
basically and to make sphere photos of
photos but it does not work well because it comes out
the image as bent
although I have to prove that
try the beige everyone because if
the camera is caught, you have to
restart the system organize
so that you download what you get x step
to do right now and good as before
that everything spoils me, so tell them
nothing that is an application amalita that
let's leave in the description and that
make it progress liked and this person
goodbye
in a little bit the mining is worth